f-mfa@v0.7.0 - Remove reading the querystring in preferences to Props (#2083)
justeat/fozzie-components: packages/components/pages/f-mfa/README.md

The props that can be defined are as follows (if any):

| Prop  | Type  |  Required |  default | Description |
| ----- | ----- |  ------- |  ------- | ----------- |
| smartGatewayBaseUrl | string | true |  - | the smartgateway host |

> | code | string | true |  - | the mfa token to post to the api |
> | email | string | true |  - | the email to display on the screen |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| code | string | false | `''` | the mfa token to post to the api |
| email | string | false |  `''` | the email to display on the screen |
```
